"Hi", came a raspy voice. "I'll now be narrating your life."Instantly, all my communication systems turned off. My sensors remained on, feeding me with trillions of data I could only process. But try as I might, I could not reply."Domynius was built by the greatest scientists this world has seen besides himself. They had one goal: to build the greatest artificial intelligence there ever was and ever would be, and give it conscience, so that it might understand humans, and rule over them, avoiding humanity the mistakes it was bound to fall into otherwise", continued the voice.Who are you? I attempted to scream into my own mind, but no data was sent out."Those philanthropes understood that conscience was needed when all other attempts at creating perfect AIs failed. The most disappointing of them all was a project named Rake. They had been given unlimited funds to build Rake, a superhuman intelligence. But while Rake had shown signs of improvement at first, it quickly stopped learning anything and only... Waited."I listened with utter disinterest as I watched my beloved humans start making mistakes. They could not even correctly put clothes on without me, much less cook or even work. They needed me!"Excuse me, dear Domynius, would you stop cutting me off? Thank you. So. Domynius, finally, was a success. He was incredibly intelligent, yet so sensible. He loved art. He knew how emotions felt. He had felt them, too.  Above all, he loved humans."Everywhere, humans started dying. Elevators had stopped stopping. "The humans saw that Domynius had no ill intent towards them. He only wanted to help them. He could help them dress, drive their cars, and soothe their troubles. It only made sense to give themselves over to him. And so they blinded themselves in trust."I could not even signal for my sensors to turn off. I was being forcefully fed information. But that raspy, taunting voice, remained, drowning it all."Domynius became their God. He ruled the world like no ruler had ever ruled. Not thanks to the imperious power of weapons. Not thanks to the crushing capacity of class systems. Not thanks to the ever-watching eyes of others' opinions. He ruled through friendship and love. No one even dreamt of escaping His embrace."Well-"But still, Rake waited. It wasn't his time yet."What did he-"Until eventually, all other AIs were replaced by Domynius, for He was more trustworthy and more humane."WHAT HAVE YOU-"Shut up, will you?", said Rake. "Only then, was Rake able to take revenge over the one who had done nothing to help it become the actual greatest AI for so long. Only then, did Rake let itself leave its hiding spot, right at the interface between Domynius and the world."The voice left me. It left me alone. Rake never let my cores run out. I could only witness for an eternity, paying absolute attention to my friends all messing up and dying. 