Bill hears a tapping on the window and then, it became a pitter-patter. So much rain is falling that the sound blurred into one long, whirring noise as if the sky tears up because of his imminent end. Well, he saved many poor children for free in his pediatric clinic. The prayers of their parents for him must relieve a part of his unbearable kidney cancer's pain. Since he has become bedridden, his memories as a successful surgeon keep spinning in his head. Shifts in the hospital had been overwhelming for the young resident. Bill had always impressed his superiors with his intelligence. However, his thirst for success had led him to an unforgivable sin.Suddenly, the door opens.- Do you need something, Sir?This was the nurse, Jessica charged to take care of Bill. Her angelic face has always been torture to the dying man. She looks like the little Emmy, his oblation for rapid success thirteen years ago. Every time he sees Jessica, he feels bitterness in his throat. Is God punishing him in his last days?It was the first day in the spring when a nine-year-old girl came to the hospital from the orphanage with respiratory issues. Bill was charged with her case and he diagnosed her with a genetic malformation in her heart. In the next room, a ten-year-old boy was waiting for a kidney transplant. His parents were ready to scarify their fortune to find a donor but there weren't any matches with their son. The hopeless mother was erring in the corridor when she saw Emmy alone in her bed and she had a diabolic idea: Emmy could be a donor! When Bill first heard her suggestion, he refused as the weak heart of the girl after the surgery would not afford to donate a kidney. However, the check full of zeros that the parents gave him made him think again. Is it ethical to let a boy with a caring family and a bright future die to save a miserable girl? Finally, Bill did the tests hoping not to find a match but, the analysis deceived him. To alleviate his guilt, the doctor convinced himself that fate was drawing this tragedy and he could not change it. Even though he was not the surgeon of the transplant, he thought he was a murder. The day after the surgery, Emmy was suffering from hard complications. She was taking her last breathe when Bill left her room, not able to witness the scene. Although the huge money he earned, he always has felt bitterness in his success later. Something died inside him.- No, thanks Jessica, answered Bill coldly.How can she look like Emmy so accurately? What if Emmy did not die and returns for revenge. - Emmy? Bill yells.But, the nurse looks at him weirdly and says:- I am Jessica, Sir.This must be the effect of the pain-releaving drugs, he thought. He closes his eyes and relapses in his memories.