Five people in a bus to Boston.
John thinks about his day. His wife left him two years ago, and this morning he visited her grave at Southampton. In his sixty’s, he knows that he will soon join her, but not today. He has unfinished business and will attend to it no matter what.
The discomfort of the trip makes minutes feel like hours. Hopefully Fred kept a great mood, singing all the way while driving, making the journey a little more bearable for the customers. This is someone who sure likes his job, thinks Charles. Being unemployed in 1920 is not an easy situation, and Charles, a former philosophy teacher, sure does know that.
Katherine looks at her watch, three hours sure are like an eternity. She spent twice this time yesterday during a surgery, but it felt ten times less. 
Martin took the seat at the front of the bus. He is a driver, and gets easily sick and this ride is long, much longer than he can endure. Today is the last day he is driven by someone.
Suddenly the bus stops, the songs from Fred are replaced by swear words. Everyone feel like this breakdown will cost them the arrival before sunset. "The motor is down; I’ll check on it. You can take a walk, it’s a great opportunity to stretch your legs" said Fred. After picking up his tools box, he shows the example by getting out first. 
Everyone steps outside the bus, except John, busy and focused on a notebook. Judging by its cover showing the Boston P.D. initials, he must be working on a case. It is still summer, but the leaves have already begun to turn red, which gives the landscape some powerful colours. Katherine, aware of that, starts to draw what she sees. Martin gives his help to Fred, who refused: he knows his vehicle like no one else and can handle it alone. Charles tries to break the ice. "Have you ever heard of Kant? His Categorical Imperative as a model of morality is impressive". The long silence following says that they don’t know about Kant and probably don’t care about it either. 
It begins to get dark, so Katherine hurries up her drawing. Fred asks everyone for a bit of patience, it will be fix soon. Charles grabs a book. On his end, Martin is reading the newspaper. 
Finally, Fred gets back to his seat, inviting everyone to get back in. "Are we good to go? - no answer - Again, I apologize for the fifteen minutes delay!" Everyone thought that it was not that long, but no one said anything. Once arrived in Boston they all went on different path to their homes. They didn’t get to know each other. They were stranger, insignificant for their life.
If they knew that they will meet again, maybe they would have tried to know each other much, especially Fred, whose body was found this morning in the back of his bus.
