
Charline had been a cyclonic being, she would have moods that much resembled one of those spirals found in the corners of buildings, carrying around leaves and light plastic packages it finds on the way. A never-ending cycle, noticeable only by momentaneous incarnations and manifestation. When she was a toddler, there was times where she would throw any objects that were on her way. She would calm down after a few hours. Hormonal unbalance, it was thought.

But the last time she remembered she ever had those moments was when she was twelve. After an intense toy-throwing session in her room, she went walking with her dog Mel towards the hill nearby. She had sat down, very still for two hours on top, watching the sunset. She had simply understood how to use the cycling motion for herself. Why not simply change? She decided on this hill she would leave the country, where she had always lived and go to the city, where her place was. No more throwing, order and discipline instead.

She was living in New-York when the storm came by. At that time, unaware of what was coming, she instinctively quit her job in retailing. An irrepressible urge led her to take her car and drive to her parents' house. She needed to run from herself. 
On the road, she almost hit a deer on the side, that was moving rather strangely, the animal was a pile of unrelated limbs. She accelerated as though her whole body gripped to the wheel was addicted to speed. She needed to see them, she needed to find herself again, like she did when she was twelve, she needed to see that hill, to see Mel.

All the houses were roofless, in her country street. After a few hours searching in the rumbles, she found both her parents dead, their heads crushed under heavy logs. Her own roots were on the way. 

A cyclone starts with a simple spiral in the garden of a house in the country, or in the city, carrying around the dead leaves of autumn; and an incarnated cyclone always means intention. When the Boston cyclone was very young, all the conditions were reunited to form an intention worthy of hurricane Laura. The balance between humidity, temperature and pressure was perfect in the garden in which it formed. The hill nearby provided for wind exposure.

The cyclone led its way to the city, unbothered by the obstacles on the road. It carried the smell of the country, the smell of the hill, the smell of Mel. It had grown for two hours and would travel far, searching for existence, for a perfect incarnation, even if this meant eating out the way: a deer on the side, abandoned cars, roofs, signs, people: Charline.

The urge became irrepressible as it arrived in New-York, and its strengths were dying out. Its final breath entered a small shop like a customer and reached two nostrils. Charline quit her job that day.
